Springwood provides very good support for unit testing and integration testing in our applications.
Let's try creating a very simple springboard application and a new browser window.
I will open spring, initialize our tool using start dot sprint, dot IO.
So here is the Spring Initialize tool which we can use to create a new Springwood project.
Download it to our computer and then open it with any development environment that we want to use.
Now let's say that we want to create a web application or a microservice.
In this case, our application will need to have a web dependency.
So to add new dependency, we can click on this button here and dependencies and I will search for web.
The very first item in the search result is what I need Spring Web.
I will click on it to include it into my project.
And this dependency spring web dependency will allow us to create spring web applications as well as
spring boot restful microservices.
Now if I click on Explore Button, which is at the bottom of the page here, it will open a new panel
and here I will be able to see the details of my Springwood project that will be generated and then
download it to my computer.
Now if I look at the POM XML file which is currently selected and if I scroll down a little bit, then
in the Dependencies section I see the dependency that I have just added Spring Boot Starter Web and
a little bit below.
I also see a springboard starter test dependency that was added for me by spring initialize automatically.
So for me to be able to start unit testing of my springboard application, this is the dependency that
I need to add to my project Spring Boot Starter Test.
Now if you don't use spring as a tool, then you can also find this dependency in MAVEN repository dotcom.
So if I close this window and then start a new browser window and go to Maven repository dot com, I
can find the springboard started as dependency here if I search for it.
Spring Boot.
Start a test.
The very first item in the search result is what I need.
I will open it, then click on its latest version and here is the MAVEN version of this dependency.
If I need a version for Gradle, then I can copy it from the Gradle tab.
Now, if I scroll down a little bit.
Then.
Then we'll see what all the libraries this one dependency will bring to my project.
Notice that this dependency also includes G Unit, Jupiter, Mikita Core and Mikita G Unit Jupiter Support.
So if we add this one dependency to our project, then we will also be able to use both G unit Jupiter
and Makita to test our application.
And there are other libraries that will also be added to our project.
For example, the adjacent path assert g core crest.
These are all very useful libraries to have when testing our applications, but I will not go into details
about these libraries at this moment.
Now, if we also use print security in our project, then there is one more dependency that we will
want to add.
Let's go back to Sprint, initialize our tool and let's add spring security to our project.
I will add one more dependency, which is spring security.
The very first item in the search result is what I need.
I will click on it and if I click on the Explore button now to open the details of my project and scroll
down XML file.
The very first dependency is Springwood Starter Security.
It is a dependency I have just added, but if I scroll down a little bit then additionally to Sprint
Boot Start test, I now also have spring security test.
This new dependency sprint security test will help us test our springboard application if it has Sprint
security enabled and if some of our API endpoints require user to be authenticated.
And this is it for now.
So to be able to test our springboard application with G Unit and Makita, these are the two main dependencies
that we need to add Sprint Boot Starter Test and spring security test so I can close this panel and
to generate the springboard project and to download it to your computer, you will click on Generate
Button.
But I'm not going to do it because in the following lectures I want us to start testing a little bit
bigger springboard application that already has a few API endpoints created and Sprint security enabled.
So let's continue to the next lecture.